code pen = https://codepen.io/windtalker22/pen/MWWEKWV


    1. What is Semantic HTML?

    Semantic HTML is the use of tags to give meaning to content.

    2. What is HTML used for?

    HTML is used to create structured content.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 

    An attribute is a specification that defines a property of an object, element, or file.
    An attribute is placed inside the opening tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

    An h1 tag is used to identify content as the most important.
    We should only use it once on the page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes

    img tag and anchor tags 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 

    Title, meta data, links to style sheets. Things not seen by the user.

    7. What is an id? 

    An id is an attribute that has a specificity weight.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    
    It can be added to any element.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 

    Once.

    10. What is a class? 

    A class is an attribute that has a specificity weight that is less than an id attribute.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 

    It can be added to any element.


    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

    As many times as you'd like.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    
    <a href="#blank"></a>

    14. What is the alt attribute used for?

    The alt attribute is used for accessibility purposes.

    15. How do I reference an id?

    We reference an ID by using the octothorp #idName

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div

    Section defines sections in a document and the div defines division in an HTML.

    17. What is CSS used for? 

    CSS is used for styling markup.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

    h2 {
      key:value
    }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

    ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify many elements.
    ID can be used on a specific piece of content such as a business logo.
    Class can be assigned to a couple of different sections that you may want to style the same way.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?

    We slect a class by using the .className.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

    .human {

    }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

    Parent child selector is a selector based on the relationship between elements.
    It would be useful when you have multiple nested elements.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

    a div .sidebar {
      key:value
    }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?

    A pseudo-selector selects elements that are in a specific state.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

    p {
      line-height:  px;
    }
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

    p {
      letter-spacing: px;
    }
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

    transform: capitalize;
    transform: uppercase;
    transform: lowercase;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

    div {
      border: 1px dotted black;
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 

    The "Universal Selector"
    * {
      key:value;
    }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

    /* Single line comment */
    /* Multi-line comment would be written
    like this */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

    By typing pwd.

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

    By typing ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

    By typing rm <fileName>.
    Because there is no prompt to ask if you are sure about your choice.

    34. Why should I use version control? 

    It is a fast efficient way of working in groups and will store files for you.

    35. How often should I commit to github?

    You should commit to github every twenty minutes'

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 

    git push origin master

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork, Clone, Stage(git add .), Commit(commit -m "comment"), Push(git push origin master).

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?

    Inline elements do not force a new line to begin in the document flow.
    Block elements cause a line break to occur.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 

    It is positioned automatically to the startin point (top-left corner) of its parent element.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

    Block elements: div, article, p.
    Inline elements: span, cite.
    Inline-Block: input.

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 

    Margin, Border, Padding, Content, 
    
    html {
      box-sizing: border-box;
    }
    *, *:before, *:after {
      box-sizing: inherit;
    }
